the original stub which we started in
2000 so it's been about eight years
refining this every year or so we just
changed him a little bit we've narrowed
down this house not quite as much as the
fusion stubby the rails are slightly
slimmer as well they put a little bit
more nose lifter than what they used to
have so they're a little bit more
forgiving on takeoffs the thin system
can be either a just a normal thruster
or if you want to get a little bit a
little bit more maneuverability out of
them you can use go under the the twin
fin setup with the tail fin and just
adjust that to how you want they write
good in just about any sort of surf they
paddle in the wave is extremely well and
a very forgiving we've got a double
concave through the tail and that just
gives you seems to give you a lot more
flow when you come out here turned a
little bit more speedy that you come out
of your turns so this seemed to
accelerate out of your turns that it
feels is exciting when you actually surf
them I hadn't written one of these for a
while and I swapped with a guy out at
Flinders he wanted five my six foot six
and I wrote his seven foot six and I
just couldn't believe how good it went
you could come off the bottom and really
set your turns up because you had the
volume in the board and yeah it was just
just it was a pleasure to serve the guy
I couldn't believe how good his board
actually went when I wrote it he
I thought about he should practice a bit
more and keep with the same board
instead of getting a smaller one these
boards are really good for people that
are get back into surfing they're heaps
better than mini males because you can
drop at least six inches to a foot in
the length of your board and still have
the same buoyancy and wave catch
mobility so you're actually it's heaps
easy to maneuver a smaller board around
them what it would be an 8-foot board if
you've got a seven-foot stubby you so
anybody that's you know like around 80
kilos these are ideal boards they float
you know if you're more experienced
surfing you probably can get away with a
slightly thinner one so we do different
thicknesses in them we do them from
three inches to three and a quarter
inches so there's all sorts of
variations in them the rails too we can
beef up a bit if you need a bit extra
buoyancy and you want to keep down that
you know under that seven foot six
lengths so there's lots of things we can
do with them and there's lots of
variations in them it's still around the
same sort of width they're 21 and 1/4
the same as a six foot six so we just
bread it out over those three like six
foot six seven foot and seven foot six
the board would be good for people that
are getting back into surfing hadn't
searched for a fair while a little bit
put on a little bit of weight and
probably 80 kilos if you're experienced
more experienced surfing maybe 90 kilos
beginners probably up to 80 kilos she'd
be able to ride this board quite
comfortably